{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16600\viewh13200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Hi Alan,\
Long time! I hope you and your family had a great holiday break. Still getting out on the mountain bike these days?\
Over the past two years, I\'92ve been working in the Cloud Cyber Security space on our Platform Engineering team, primarily focused on policy-as-code and cloud security controls across multiple business units. It\'92s been a pretty wild ride\'97we\'92ve been right at the front of cloud adoption and governance (Azure, AWS, GCP, Open Policy Agent [OPA], Terraform). I\'92ve owned our HashiCorp Terraform Sentinel program for the last 18 months as I prepare its sunset in favor of OPA, which our on-site AWS crew has adopted. Our org started small but has grown fast, especially in the last six months, and there\'92s been a lot of positive momentum.\
One highlight I\'92m especially proud of: I published my first patent in Q4 2025\'97an ML-driven policy gap analysis framework using NLP techniques (Automated Machine Learning Similarity Matrix\'96Gap Analysis Framework for Cloud Security Controls, filed 11/13/2025). I still get most excited when I\'92m working on data-centric problems, and I\'92ve been relying heavily on Python for analytics and data modeling.\
That brings me to why I wanted to reach out. I pushed hard to complete my M.Eng. (i.e., in Industrial Systems Engineering and Data Analytics) during my time on your team. Which also overlapped a fairly challenging season personally, but it was a big win toward my long-term vision\'97building the best future I can for Eleanor (10) and Vincent (7). As my role has drifted further away from core data work, I\'92ve realized I\'92m more energized by being alongside data architecture, modeling, and efficient pipelines than by cybersecurity.\
I wanted to reconnect/network, catch up, and learn a bit more about what\'92s happening in your world and the department. If you\'92re up for it, I\'92d love to grab a coffee or lunch sometime. Believe it or not, I still have your microphone with the Post-it that says \'93return to Alan\'94 on it!\
}